Docs: adding the responsive images guide. (#14503)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-image/docs/features/images-responsive.md

* **They load faster**. Because only the image matching the size of the screen is transferred, in most cases it can be loaded and displayed much faster than a "regular" full–scale image. The faster it loads, the sooner the users can see it, which greatly improves the user experience of your application. You no longer need to wait for ages for high–resolution photos to load on a tiny smartphone screen.
* **Accessibility**. By catering to different user devices, you may better address the users' different needs. Paired with the {@link features/images-text-alternative text alternative} it makes your content more accessible.

{@img assets/img/responsive-images.svg 550 The visualization of the responsive images approach for CKEditor 5 WYSIWYG editor.}

## Responsive images in the markup

> Responsive images delivered by the CKBox service are transparent to your application. Once uploaded, the image appears in the editor content as a "regular" image but with some additional attributes like the `srcset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image appears in the editor content as a `<picture>` element. The `<picture>` element contains the original `<img>` and the `<source>` element, which defines alternative versions of images using the `srcset` attribute.
```

The variety of the image sizes in the `srcset` attribute allows the web browser to choose the best one for the particular screen size. As a result, it loads faster and with less data transferred. Read the {@link @ckbox features/images/responsive-images CKBox responsive images} guide to learn how are the intermediate file sizes calculated.

Regardless of the original file format, the responsive versions will be served as `.webp`.

<info-box>

> CKBox converts image formats and resizes images on the fly. Refer to the {@link @ckbox features/images/conversion CKBox image conversion} guide to find out how to do it.

Author: Infobox text needs a tab in front.
